Min-Project #5 Overview:
-Cookie Clicker is a game built around a simulation in which your goal is to bake as many cookies as 
 fast as possible. The main strategy component of the game is choosing how to allocate the cookies 
 that you have produced to upgrade your ability to produce even more cookies faster. 

-In Cookie Clicker, you have many options for upgrading your ability to produce cookies. Originally, 
 you can only produce cookies by clicking your mouse. However, you can use the cookies you earn to 
 buy other methods of producing cookies (Grandmas, farms, factories, etc.). Each production method 
 increases the number of "cookies per second" (CPS) you produce. Further, each time you buy one of 
 the production methods, its price goes up. So, you must carefully consider the cost and benefits 
 of purchasing a production method, and the trade-offs change as the game goes on.

-For this assignment, you will implement a simplified simulation of the Cookie Clicker game. You 
 will implement different strategies and see how they fare over a given period of time. In our 
 version of the game, there is no graphical interface and therefore no actual "clicking". Instead, 
 you will start with a CPS of 1.0 and may start purchasing automatic production methods once you 
 have enough cookies to do so. You will implement both the simulation engine for the game and your 
 own strategies for selecting what production methods to buy.

-We have provided the template that contains an outline of the code you will write, 
 including a ClickerState class, which will keep track of the state of the simulation, and 
 a simulate_clicker function, which will run the simulation. The signature (name and parameters) 
 of the functions, classes, and methods in this file must remain unchanged, but you may add 
 any additional functions, methods, or other code that you need to.

Complete Mini-Project Decription can be found at: https://www.coursera.org/learn/principles-of-computing-1/supplement/b3ZG8/mini-project-description

Link to my solution: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user46_AZ0kaH7baf_103.py
